cloud Data Service: add API key role, linked clusters, and update the endpoint response (#13028)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/data-service-api-key.md

1. Navigate to the [**Data Service**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/dataservice) page of your project.
2. In the left pane, click the name of your target Data App to view its details.
3. In the **API Key** area, click **Create API Key**.
<!--TODO: add API key role (ReadOnly and ReadAndWrite)-->
4. In the **Create API Key** dialog box, enter a description and select a role for your API key.

    The role is used to control whether the API key can read or write data to the clusters linked to the Data App. You can select the `ReadOnly` or `ReadAndWrite` role:

>     - `ReadOnly`: only allows the API key to read data, such as a `SELECT` statement.

Reviewer: 除了 select 还有 show、use、desc、explain

>     - `ReadOnly`: only allows the API key to read data, such as a `SELECT` statement.

Author: ```suggestion
    - `ReadOnly`: only allows the API key to read data, such as `SELECT`, `SHOW`, `USE`, `DESC`, and `EXPLAIN` statements.
```

Author: @heibaijian PTAL

1. Navigate to the [**Data Service**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/dataservice) page of your project.
2. In the left pane, click the name of your target Data App to view its details.
3. In the **API Key** area, click **Create API Key**.
<!--TODO: add API key role (ReadOnly and ReadAndWrite)-->
4. In the **Create API Key** dialog box, enter a description and select a role for your API key.

    - The description field is optional and can help you identify an API key.
    - The role is used to control the permission of the API key to access clusters linked to the Data App. You can select `ReadOnly` or `ReadAndWrite` as the role:<!--TODO: add the description of ReadOnly and ReadAndWrite-->

        - `ReadOnly`: only allows the API key to read data, such as a `SELECT` statement.

>         - `ReadAndWrite`: allows the API key to read and write data. You can use this API key to execute all SQL queries, such as DML and DDL statements.

Reviewer 2: Query 是查询。DML and DDL statement 是否算 SQL queries 呢？
